README.md, before:

# Vue 3 + TypeScript + Vite

This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 and TypeScript in Vite. The template uses Vue 3 `<script setup>` SFCs, check out the [script setup docs](https://v3.vuejs.org/api/sfc-script-setup.html#sfc-script-setup) to learn more.

## Recommended IDE Setup

- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support For `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension
   1. Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette
   2. Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`
2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

Commit message:

renamed to vue-login-broker-library and rewritten readme file

README.md, after:

# vue-login-broker-library

Use Login Broker (https://login.broker) to login to your app or website with facebook, google, linkedin, microsoft, apple or github. Sign up for free and get 100,000 monthly active users. No credit card required.

Please note that after the user logs in, this will produce a 'sessionId'. This must be verified on your server-side to complete the authentication.

Get a free API key here and also see the details about how to call the api to verify:
https://login.broker/account/

## Installation

```
npm install vue-login-broker-library
```

## Usage

```
  const handleSessionReceived = (sessionId) => {
    console.log('Received sessionId', sessionId);
    // Verify the sessionId on your server-side or API and get the logged in user email
  }

  const handleErrorReceived = (error) => {
    console.log('Error happened', error);
  }

  <SessionButton platform={your_favorite_platform} onSessionReceived={your_received_session_handler} onErrorReceived={your_received_error_handler} />
```
